and now obviously beaver disappointed
with the with the result what did you
consider how do you think the
performance was good Detroit girl was a
killer wasn't it looks really pouring
out right now in terms of ourselves and
how we acquitted SM as well
we are talking about compact they had
allies possession of all obviously that
was you what you'd like would be the
plan we needed the counter it's how we
held a magnet for six times and in
creating five or six chances really good
chances so you have to be happy with
that all the times we didn't quite as
well as we could these are a very very
good time to him
I didn't maybe a good MHS maybe even
when we had the corner he coulda tell
you this char Carnaby Satnam for sale
but that's ridiculous
if we do have to cut the goal from the
last corner was would have been to one
and I think everybody would have been
happy with that were you happy enough
the way the shape of the team and the
way that worked for you I mean it was a
bit strange having players out of
position wasn't it but he was only one
player out of position but he's played
there as a young boy but he's played
there not so long as well so he's played
in that position you know when you play
Germany they're gonna be walking hard
for the entire game that's what we did
thought we were solid and off the
deflection when you do defend that debut
can get deflections from shots that's
article so far so for the first goal and
the second goal we vacated the back the
back line which nobody did intentionally
but vacated left for a noise chip and a
goal and the last one was just hard to
take but overall in terms of application
in terms of making progress the boys
tried very very hard they really put the
whole effort into it
I couldn't make it change because I was
happy with the way we were and we were
create chances so overall I'm not till
displays I'm sick about news and and I'm
sick about the score line but suck them
boys have really tried hard for Ireland
and they can be pairing themselves
tonight to Y extented Robbie Keens
injury changed your mind about the way
you were going to play I'm Anthony
Pilkington was a late withdrawal was he
in it was he gonna be in your starting
11 they may only may not have been
robbed me probably but oldest I there's
no question we looked at anybody one
sees energy became obvious there's not a
bigger deal about that
that's not want to take any excuses we
had a smashing bunch of players out
there who was playing against the top
team
and unfortunately consider the guard
with the flexion to force wouldn't help
as the game would have worn on I think
we might have got more confident more
confident would have got a little bit
more frustrated we kept in the game
within the 89th minute was to kneel at
the 89th minute and they cleared one
after lion and the Donna what minute but
few minutes before that at least Alex
has a chance to score weed another
chance to score that to nil you get back
the t1 as far as I'm concerned the boys
kept the game alive till then boom then
it's all over
how frustrating was Anthony Stokes for
unit because he made chances he had
shots on target but he also gave away
that first goal really with his plays
mask
well sometimes it happens to strikers
was a pyramids pass alright that's for
sure he now was that he doesn't need to
be told that he now is that in another
day Moyes go to your tree tonight but
that's what happens with circle
sometimes you do sometimes you don't
away in Germany with that crowd that
atmosphere Freddie intimidating we
acquitted there serves where there was a
lot of talk this week about the DNA of
the Irish footballer about possession
about confidence do you think we're
confident enough passing the ball and
and how can we change that
in all truth there's no way we could
help pass Jeremy not a hope in hell and
I think it can run in about 50 60 maybe
a hundred countries who wouldn't have a
hope we've put in a good performance
here again zinc alone in an intimidating
circumstance that could have been Tier
one okay could have been could have been
so I'm proud of the boys
disappoint myself what do you change
something different I don't think so I
think it's still still do that because
we were threatenin all the time to get
to get one and again because of the
opposition is it a question of trust
that you didn't throw in and eReader was
who-ville in even for a few minutes well
I did I could hit on that but I would
have thought that would have been a sub
I tried the boys that battle so hard for
the 90 minutes 94 minutes that I did is
they have to stay on the path we could
have been made a substitute wasted
period of time and it would be to nil
good to take the shot and it would be
too near I would fully encourage them to
have a girl we got Kelton to cut under
counter from the last corner we're
pushing on a pushing and I completely
understand what the player has no
problem whereas previously we would
always keep ourselves compact and have
spare people behind for that no problem
really proud of Lance and that's the way
okay no thank you very much thanks
thanks